I'm going to guess you felt much more confident in that second estimate.
So you probably estimated a probability that's very close to zero or one,
depending on whether it is not or is cloudy right now.
And that's because cloudiness now and cloudiness one
minute from now are not independent events.
When you looked out the window to evaluate the cloudiness,
you were in effect taking a sensor measurement of your surroundings,
and you used that data to inform your probabilistic estimate.
And that is all that conditional probability is: taking
advantage of what we know to make better estimates about what we don't.
In the rest of this lesson you'll learn how to formalize the intuition mathematically.